Update HippMapp3r plan, requirments and readme (#1524)
intel/openfl: openfl-workspace/keras/hippmapp3r/README.md

python src/setup_data.py --num_collaborators $MAX_NUMBER_OF_COLLABORATORS --total_dataset_size_per_col_MB $DESIRED_DATASET_SIZE
```

## Known Issues

> An error has been observed on Cascade Lake CPUs: "CPU implementation of Conv3D currently only supports the NHWC tensor format." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error has been observed on 2nd Generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors (codenamed Cascade Lake): "CPU implementation of Conv3D currently only supports the NHWC tensor format." 
```

Author: Commited suggestion

### Workarounds:

> 1. Use a more recent CPU, such as Ice Lake, which supports the required tensor format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use a more recent CPU, such as 3rd Generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors (codenamed Ice Lake), which supports the required tensor format.
```

2. Alternatively, use a GPU to avoid this issue entirely.

> 

Reviewer 2: It is particularly strange to me that this issue only appears on Xeon CLX. I was thinking the solution would be either of:
1. Changing how framework interprets weights through the [backend](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/backend/set_image_data_format), or
2. Permuting (transposing) matrices in source code for a consistent behavior regardless of the device as shown [here](https://discuss.ai.google.dev/t/transform-weights-from-nchw-to-nhwc-model/30126)

From my experience, layout issues generally do not require conditional checks on the hardware. It is either up to how layouts are read, or how the underlying math library interprets it.

I suggest exploring option 2, because informing a user that they can't use a very specific CPU isn't an elegant solution in my view, especially when the problem itself is agnostic to hardware

Author: Yeah this is probably something I will look to fix formally later on in another PR, for now we can at least inform the user that currently they might run into problems using that hardware configuration.
